JFrog Home Assignment

Task - Build a pipeline:
1.	Use Spring pet-clinic (https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic) as your project source code
2.	Build a Github Actions pipeline with the following steps:
 	Compile the code
 	Run the tests
 	Package the project as a runnable Docker image
 	Publish the image to JFrog Artifactory in your pipeline
3. Make sure all dependencies are resolved from Maven Central
Deliverables:
1.	GitHub link to the repo including
 	Github Actions workflow files within that repo
 	Docker file within that repo
 	readme.md file explaining the work and how to run the project
	Bonus Deliverable: XRay Scan Data export (JSON format) for your image
2. Command to obtain and run the docker image


Steps performed to complete this exercise:
1. Pulled the code from the source into my Github environment
	a. had to enable Github Actions in the setting- it was off by default

2. Created a new wofkflow in Github Actions to compile the code
	a. Click the "New workflow" button 
	b. Searching for Maven
	c. Select "Java with Maven"
	d. Edit YAML to add any additional steps needed
	e. Check YAML with yamllint 
	f. Commit changes and code should run automatically as the "on:" is set to up for pushes and pull requests in the main branch
	g. Check the run was successful by clicking on the Actions tab and selecting the "Java CI with Maven" workflow.
	h. Troubleshoot as necessary and repeat.

3. Create a new workflow in Github Actions to generate the Docker image and push to JFrog Artifactory
	a. Click the "New workflow" button 
	b. Searching for JFrog - nothing appropriate matches
	c. Search the JFrog website and copy the "Build and Tag Docker Image" sample workflow
	c. Select "set up a workflow yourself" to generate a new, blank workflow and paste the code
	d. Edit YAML to add any additional steps needed including updating the path to the Dockerfile in the .devcontainer and setting the workflow to run on "workflow_dispatch:" allowing you to trigger this as you want.
	e. Check YAML with yamllint 
	f. Commit changes and the Maven build should run automatically. When that completes, navigate to the Actions tab, select the Build and Tag workflow and click "Run workflow"".
	g. Check the run was successful.
	h. Troubleshoot as necessary and repeat.
4. Log into JFrog Artifactory and see the new package in the Artifactory->Packages
5. XRay will automatically scan this if you wait a while.
6. When scan is completed, navigate to the proper artifact and download the JSON file of the scan.
